add a dollop of coconut milk to each bowl , garnish with cilantro , and season with salt and pepper .
add a little more oil in the same pan and fry chicken in it for approx . 2 – 3 min . per side until golden brown .
add a pinch of salt .
add all ingredients to a large bowl .
add all ingredients to blender .
add all of the cheese except for half of the parmesan to a large mixing bowl .
add avocado , orange pieces , orange juice , lime juice , and agave syrup to blender .
add basmati rice and water to a medium saucepan and salt .
add basmati rice and water to another cooking container and steam at 100 ° c/210 ° f for approx . 15 min .
add beet and sauté for approx . 5 – 7 min .
add bell pepper and fry for approx . 2 min . longer before reducing the heat to medium - low .
add black beans , mole sauce and salsa picante to a small saucepan .
add broccoli and continue to sauté .
add brownie dough and smooth out surface .
add butter and stir until well mixed .
add butter to a large saucepan .
add button mushrooms and dried mushrooms and continue sauteing for approx . 4 – 6min .
add cabbage , season with salt and pepper , and cook for approx . 10 min .
add caramel sauce , then sour cream , and stir to combine .
add carrots , celery root , and leeks and fry for approx . 3 - 5 min . until slightly browned .
add carrots and sauté for approx . 3 – 5 min .
add cashews , cherry tomatoes , and snow peas to frying pan .
add cayenne pepper , paprika , caraway seeds , nutmeg , and bay leaf .
add cherry tomatoes and corn to the cooked vegetables , and briefly return to a boil .
add chia seeds and allow to soak for approx . 15 – 20 min .
add chia seeds and mix until combined .
add chicken and fry for approx . 1 min . , until slightly browned .
add chicken and mushrooms and sauté until mushrooms are soft and chicken is cooked , approx . 6 – 8 min .
add chicken breast and oil to spice mix and toss together until fully coated .
add chicken breast slices , toss to coat , and let marinate for approx . 15 min .
add chicken breast to saucepan and poach for approx . 5 – 10 min . until cooked through .
add chicken breast without the excess marinade and continue to sauté .
add chickpeas to stew and let simmer for approx . 10 min .
add chives and season with salt and pepper .
add chopped anchovy fillets and garlic , lemon juice , worcestershire sauce , mustard , white balsamic vinegar , and sugar to the egg yolk and mix with a hand blender .
add chopped apple , cucumber , cashews and avocado to blender .
add chopped chives and parsley and stir to combine .
add chopped tomatoes , sundried tomatoes , vegetable broth , and thyme to pot .
add cinnamon and set aside .
add coconut milk to frying pan and stir thoroughly .
add cold coconut water , soaked berries , coconut flakes and ice cubes to blender .
add cooked pasta to the pan and toss in garlic oil .
add cooked rice , shallots , cilantro , panko , tomato paste , and chickpeas .
add cookie crumb mixture to a round baking form and press firmly into bottom of baking form .
add cranberries and green onions to mixture , stir , and set aside .
add cream and chicken stock and cook over medium - low heat for approx . 2 - 3 min .
add cream cheese and a portion of prosciutto to the omelette .
add cream cheese and horseradish to a bowl and stir to combine .
add cream to a small saucepan on medium heat and simmer for approx . 2 min .
add curry paste , turmeric , and coconut milk .
add curry powder , ground turmeric , and yogurt to the bowl .
add diced onion and bell pepper to the pan and fry for approx . 5 min .
add dressing on salad and toss until evenly distributed .
add eggplant to pan and fry for approx . 6 – 8 min . until browned on all sides and somewhat soft .
add eggs , milk , and chopped chives to a bowl and whisk to combine .
add eggs , one at a time , and continue beating until well - combined .
add eggs and a small pinch of salt to the chocolate mixture and beat well with a whisk .
add eggs and parsley and gently shake the pan to distribute the egg over the pan .
add eggs to a small bowl .
add eggs to standing mixer and beat with sugar , vanilla bean seeds , and a pinch of salt until frothy .
add eggs to the pan and continue to sauté , stirring occasionally , for approx . 3 – 5 min .
add evaporated milk and hot sauce .
add feta - mint mix to the meatballs before serving .
add flour , butter , a pinch of salt , and a part of the eggs to a standing mixer .
add flour and beat until fully combined .
add flour and salt and beat until smooth .
add flour and stir in as well .
add frozen strawberries and lemon juice to a small saucepan .
add gelatin sheets to a bowl with some water .
add ginger and garlic and toss together .
add goji berries to a small bowl .
add grand marnier , a part of the olive oil , sugar , and mint .
add grated cheddar and corn starch to a small saucepan and stir to combine .
add grated cheese , egg yolk , chia seeds , oregano , and almond flour to bowl .
add half of the egg mixture and fry for approx . 2 – 3 min . until the egg is cooked .
add in chopped herbs .
add in sweet potato and continue to sauté for approx . 2 – 3 min .
add in vegetable stock , bring to a boil and let simmer on low heat for approx . 15 min . until the sweet potatoes are soft .
add lemon juice , vanilla seeds , yogurt , and cream cheese to a large bowl .
add lemon juice and remove from heat .
add lemon zest , lemon juice , and poppy seeds to dough and stir in evenly .
add lentils and sauté for a further 2 – 3 min . until they are slightly translucent .
add lime juice .
add lime zest , lime juice and chopped parsley and stir to combine .
add mango , banana , ice cubes , water , and chia seeds to blender .
add mango , chicken , and mushrooms to the mayonnaise yogurt mixture .
add mango , garlic , chili , leek , ginger , cardamom , curry powder , and paprika .
add melted chocolate and continue to beat until all ingredients are thoroughly combined .
add milk , heavy cream , a third of the sugar , the seeds of one vanilla bean , and a small pinch of salt to a saucepan .
add mixture to the stew until thickened to desired consistency .
add molten butter and chocolate mixture and beat until well combined .
add mushrooms and sauté for approx . 8 - 10 min . until any liquid has evaporated .
add oatmeal , hazelnuts , sunflower seeds , dates , apricots , and cranberries to a food processor .
add olive oil to a small pot over medium heat , then add onion and garlic .
add one tbsp . of mixture to each popsicle mold .
add onion and garlic and sauté for approx . 3 min . until translucent .
add onion and garlic and sauté until translucent .
add onion and garlic and sear quickly .
add onion and mushrooms and continue to sauté .
add onions and sauté until translucent .
add oregano , half of the parsley , nutmeg , and salt and pepper to taste .
add parmesan , toss again , and season with salt and pepper to taste before serving .
add parsley and serve immediately .
add pepper and eggplant and fry for 3 -5 min .
add pineapple , coconut milk , remaining marinade , and chopped cashews to the pan and let simmer , covered , over medium - low heat for approx . 10 min .
add pineapple , ginger , carrot juice , orange juice , ice cubes , and honey to blender .
add potato slices and season with salt and pepper .
add potatoes and carrots and sauté for approx . another 4 – 5 min .
add potatoes and lentils .
add pureed tomatoes and season with sugar , salt , and pepper .
add red beet juice , orange juice , and orange zest to the pan .
add red curry paste to the pot and stir to combine .
add red wine , raspberry brandy , the remaining sugar , and a cinnamon stick to a saucepan .
add remaining soy milk , parts of the sugar , vanilla bean seeds , and zest of lemon and orange to a large saucepan .
add rolled oats to a food processor and blend until ground .
add salad , celery , banana , parsley leaves , and cold water to blender .
add salmon and sautéed leeks to the sauce .
add sauce and mix until evenly distributed .
add sausages and let simmer for approx . 5 - 7 min . until they are hot .
add sautéed onion , ground beef , egg , allspice , salt , and pepper to the bowl with the soaked bun and mix well until just combined .
add soaked gelatin along with water and sugar to a saucepan .
add soaked gelatin with the water and sugar to a small saucepan .
add some cream to the hot tomato soup to serve .
add sour cream and whisk until smooth .
add soy sauce , red pepper and smoked paprika and stir to combine .
add spinach , water , lime juice , agave syrup .
add spinach and cook until wilted .
add strawberries to one half and blackberries to the other .
add strawberry , watermelon , lime juice , ice cubes , and mint leaves to blender .
add sugar and gently stir until caramelized , then deglaze with lime and orange juice .
add sugar and yeast to lukewarm water ; stir thoroughly until dissolved .
add sweet potatoes , carrots , bell pepper and fennel and sauté for approx . 2 more min .
add the apple , leeks , and bacon to pan .
add the basil , salt , heavy cream , tomatoes , and cooked penne ; stir to combine .
add the blue cheese and cottage cheese , and season with salt and pepper .
add the chopped chocolate and melt together .
add the coconut milk and simmer on low heat for approx . 5 – 7 min .
add the diced carrots to the pan and briefly sauté before adding the vegetable stock and bringing to a boil .
add the lentils and coconut milk , stirring well to combine .
add the onion and leeks after approx . 2 min .
add the pumpkin and continue to sauté , seasoning with a pinch of sugar , salt , and pepper .
add the remaining coconut oil to the pan then pour the egg mixture evenly over the vegetables .
add the remaining orange juice to measuring cup along with the sugar - juice mixture and stir .
add the rest of the vegetables , season with salt and sauté over medium heat .
add the stock from step 4 , as well as the heavy cream , to the roux .
add the sweet potato , season with salt and pepper , and sauté for approx . 5 min .
add the tomatoes , then add the egg mixture .
add the vegetable stock .
add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until a smooth , light dough has formed .
add the zest and juice of half a lemon as well as the juice of one orange .
add to butter mixture and whisk until a smooth dough forms .
add to jar along with coconut drink , almond drink , and honey .
add to steam cooking container together with marinated chicken breast and steam at 100 ° c/210 ° f for approx . 12 – 14 min .
add tomato paste and continue to sauté for an additional 1 - 2 min .
add tomato paste and sauté as well .
add tomato paste and sauté until fragrant .
add tomato paste and spices and , stirring constantly , sauté for approx . 1 – 2 min . until fragrant .
add tomatoes and sugar .
add tomatoes and then enough water until meat is submerged .
add vegetable oil .
add vegetable stock until the tomatoes are completely covered .
add vegetarian burger patties and fry from each sides for approx . 2 – 3 min .
add vegetarian ground meat and fry for approx . 4 min .
add vinegar and sugar .
add water , lime juice and sugar to a small saucepan over medium - high heat and simmer for approx . 1 – 2 min . until sugar has dissolved .
add water and stir well until fully combined .
add whole peeled tomatoes and thyme leaves .
add yogurt , peanut butter , ice cubes , vanilla extract , and a pinch of cinnamon to blender .
add yogurt and pulse until fully incorporated .
add zest of one orange and half a lemon .
after 10 min . , scatter the meatballs on top of vegetables and bake for approx . 15 – 20 min . more .
allow couscous to stand and cook in boiled water , according to package instructions , and set aside .
allow the cake to cool for approx . 10 – 15 min before removing from the tin .
allow the cheesecake to cool on a cake rack for approx . 15 – 20 min .
allow to cool and enjoy !
allow to cool for 5 – 10 min . before serving .
allow to reduce on a low heat for approx . 15 – 20 min .
allow to set for approx . 10 – 15 min .
allow to set until frozen , approx . 4 - 5 hours .
alternate adding dry ingredients and buttermilk to the egg mixture .
alternatively , use two teaspoons .
an ice cream scoop works well for this .
arrange the pears and sprinkle with fresh rosemary .
as soon as it is slightly browned , add ginger , onion , and pepper and continue to sauté .
as soon as the meat has browned add it to the vegetables and bring to a gentle boil .
as soon as the omelette is half - cooked , spread the avocado , mozzarella , and spring onions over it .
as soon as the pizza is finished , cover with arugula leaves and parma ham .
assemble burger by layering lettuce , burger patty , sauerkraut , bacon , and pickles on top .
assemble burger with grilled patties , tomato and cucumber slices , raw onion slices , sautéed onions , iceberg lettuce , ketchup , and mayonnaise .
bake again in a preheated oven at 200 ° c /390 ° f for approx . 20 min . until golden .
bake at 180 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 18 – 22 min . , or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out slightly sticky .
bake at 250 ° c /475 ° f until bubbling and golden brown , approx . 10 minutes .
bake cakes in a preheated oven at 200 ° c/400 ° f for approx . 8 - 10 min .
bake for about 20 min . or until golden .
bake in a preheated oven at 160 ° c/320 ° f for approx . 7 min .
bake in a preheated oven at 180 ° c/ 355 ° f for approx . 25 – 30 min .
bake in a preheated oven on 250 ° c/500 ° f for 10 min .
bake in preheated oven at 180 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 20 - 25 min . until golden .
bake in preheated oven at 180 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 35 - 40 min .
bake in preheated oven at 200 ° c/400 ° f for approx . 25 – 30 min . until golden brown .
bake in the preheated oven at 180 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 25 min .
bake muffins in a preheated oven at 180 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 10 – 15 min .
bake the muffins for approx . 30 min at 200 ° c/400 ° f .
be careful not to overfill .
be careful not to overfill the blender to avoid splattering .
be careful not to overheat .
beat butter , sugar , and vanilla sugar with a hand mixer until pale and foamy .
beat cream and confectioner 's sugar until stiff .
beat eggs until foamy .
beat eggs with sugar and vanilla sugar and then add the melted chocolate - butter mixture and beat well .
beat in eggs , then fold in flour , sugar , vanilla extract , and baking soda .
beat soft butter with sugar in a standing mixer or with a hand mixer until fluffy .
beat sugar , eggs , egg yolks , and salt in a large bowl with a mixer or whisk .
beat sugar and egg yolks with a hand mixer until fluffy and pale .
beat the eggs and whisk in the milk .
beat the heavy cream until stiff and stir into the mixture evenly .
beat until everything is well combined .
before serving , add kale and salt to taste .
before serving , peel and cube the mango .
before serving , prepare the sauce .
before serving , stir in chopped mint .
blend all ingredients until smooth for approx . 2 - 3 min .
blend all ingredients until smooth for approx . 2 – 3 min .
blend all of the ingredients on high speed for approx . 2 – 3 min . until smooth .
blend for approx . 1 – 2 min .
blend for approx . 1 – 2 min . until all ingredients are well chopped .
blend into a smooth batter .
blend on high speed for approx . 2 – 3 min . until smooth .
blend on high until creamy , approx . 2 – 3 min .
blend soup .
blend until smooth , approx . 2 – 3 min .
blend until smooth for approx . 2 – 3 min .
blind bake in preheated oven at 180 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 8 – 10 min .
blind bake the pastry crusts in a preheated oven at 180 ° c/355 ° f for approx . 15 min .
boil everything over medium heat for about 5 – 8 min .
boil water .
break banana into pieces and add to blender .
bring a large pot of salted water to a boil .
bring everything to a boil and let simmer until the sugar has fully dissolved .
bring everything to a boil and simmer for approx . 20 – 30 min . until the beet is soft and cooked through .
bring mixture to a slight boil .
bring sauce to a simmer for approx . 5 – 7 min . until thickened .
bring to a boil , add blueberries , and remove from heat .
bring to a boil , then reduce heat and allow to simmer for approx . 10 – 15 min . until tender .
bring to a boil , then reduce heat and let simmer for approx . 20 min . or until rice is done .
bring to a boil , turn down the heat , and let simmer for approx . 20 min . on low heat .
bring to a boil , turn heat down to low , and let simmer for approx . 15 – 20 min . or until the lentils are soft .
bring to a boil .
bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer , stirring occasionally .
bring to a boil over medium heat and cook for approx . 5 min .
bring to a simmer and let cook for approx . 15 min . or until lentils are soft , but not mushy .
brush with some oil and bake at 200 ° c/390 ° f for approx . 20 min .
butter baking pan if necessary and press crumb mixture into the bottom .
butter baking tins and dust with sugar .
by doing this , mayonnaise will start to form .
carefully fold the citrus fillets into the arugula , then mix with the dressing .
carefully place a sheet of parchment paper on the dough and fill with pie weights or dried beans .
carefully roll the omelette together to form a wrap .
carefully run knife around the edges of the baking form .
carefully transfer them to serving plates and serve immediately whilst hot .
carefully turn out the cakes , sprinkle with confectioner 's sugar , and serve immediately .
chill the crust for approx . 15 – 20 min . and then bake in a preheated oven at 180 ° c/ 350 ° f for approx . 10 – 15 min . until golden .
chop and set aside .
chop dried cranberries and add them to a large mixing bowl along with ground rolled oats , baking powder , cinnamon , poppy seeds , and pumpkin seeds .
chop garlic .
chop ginger , finely dice onion and slice pepper into strips .
chop lettuce .
chop onion , garlic , ginger , and chili .
chop onion and mince garlic .
chop shallots .
clean and cube mushrooms .
clean button and porcini mushrooms and cut into slices .
clean spinach .
close your popsicle mold and insert popsicle sticks .
coarsely chop basil .
combine baby spinach , fried asparagus , strawberries , and crumbled feta in a bowl .
combine bell peppers , onions , and chickpeas in a bowl , then add remaining harissa paste , olive oil , salt , and pepper .
combine feta , mint , and remaining olive oil in a bowl .
combine flour , butter , water , sugar , and salt in either a standing mixer or by hand , until a dough forms .
combine flour , cocoa powder , baking powder , seeds of the vanilla bean , and a pinch of salt in a large bowl .
combine tzatziki , mint , and lemon zest in a small bowl .
continue to sauté for an additional 3 – 5 min .
cook basmati rice in salted boiling water according to the package instructions .
cook for approx . 15 min . until tender .
cook for approx . 3 min . over medium - low heat .
cook for approx . 5 min . more .
cook pasta in plenty of salted , boiling water , according to package instructions , for approx . 5 – 8 min .
cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water , according to package instructions , for approx . 10 – 12 min . until al dente .
cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water , according to package instructions , for approx . 8 – 10 min . until al dente .
cook spaghetti in salted , boiling water according to package instructions , until al dente .
cook the omelette for approx . 4 min . with the lid on .
cook the spaghetti , according to package instructions , in salted boiling water for approx . 9 - 12 min . until al dente .
cook until fragrant , approx . 2 min .
cool completely in pan on wire rack .
cool in pan on a baking rack for approx . 10 – 15 min .
core and dice apples .
cover and cook over medium - low heat for approx . 10 . min .
cover and leave to rise in a warm place , for approx . 40 min . or until it has doubled in size .
cover and refrigerate overnight .
cover and remove from heat .
cover for approx . 30 min . with plastic wrap and refrigerate .
cover stuffed chicken breasts with pesto on both sides .
cover the dough with a kitchen towel and allow to rise in a warm place for approx . 1 - 2 hours , until it has doubled in size .
cover with a lid and cook on a medium - low heat for approx . 20 – 25 min .
cover with other halves of burger bun .
cover with the cream cheese mixture .
create a small well in the middle to prevent the burger from puffing up during cooking .
crumble feta on top and add roasted pine nuts .
crumble feta on top and drizzle with lemon juice .
crumble feta with fingers and add to the chickpeas along with dried tomatoes , parsley , onion , pine nuts , lemon juice , and olive oil .
crush and mince garlic and sprinkle on top of cucumber .
crush garlic .
crush the garlic with a garlic press .
cube chilled butter .
cut a portion of the shallots into fine cubes .
cut antipasti ( e.g. artichoke hearts , grilled peppers ) into bite - sized pieces and heat briefly in a pan .
cut bacon into small cubes and sausages into rounds .
cut basil into fine strips .
cut bell peppers into bite - sized pieces and add to stew .
cut broccoli into bite - sized florets .
cut broccoli into small florets .
cut butter into small pieces .
cut carrot and kohlrabi into hazelnut - sized pieces .
cut cauliflower into small florets .
cut chicken breast into bite - sized pieces .
cut chicken breast into small pieces .
cut chicken breasts into bite - sized pieces .
cut chicken into small chunks .
cut chicken into strips .
cut chilled watermelon into pieces .
cut each red onion into 8 parts .
cut flesh of the hokkaido pumpkin into equally sized cubes .
cut garlic into thin slices .
cut in half and enjoy !
cut in half on a diagonal and enjoy immediately !
cut lemon in half , juice one half , and then cut the other into wedges .
cut mushrooms into thin slices .
cut onion , cucumber , and bell pepper into strips .
cut onion , pepper , and eggplant into small cubes .
cut onion into cubes and finely chop ginger and chili .
cut onion into thin strips , finely chop garlic , and halve cherry tomatoes .
cut onion into thin strips .
cut onions into slices .
cut out the green part of scallions and slice them into approx . 1 cm/0.4 in . thick pieces , then finely slice the white parts .
cut parsley and mint into fine strips .
cut pineapple into chunks .
cut potatoes , carrots , and celery root into bite - sized pieces .
cut potatoes into thin medallions .
cut red onion , bell pepper , and avocado into thin strips .
cut sandwich diagonally and serve with sweet chili sauce !
cut savoy cabbage into thin strips .
cut shallots , garlic , tomatoes , mushrooms and carrot into fine cubes .
cut sundried tomatoes into small pieces .
cut sweet potato , apple , and carrots into bite - sized pieces .
cut the burger buns lengthwise and butter if desired .
cut the chocolate and butter into small pieces and slowly melt in a double boiler ( water bath ) with the sugar .
cut the chorizo , spring onions , and mozzarella into large pieces , and chop the parsley .
cut the ciabatta lengthwise and drizzle with olive oil .
cut the red bell pepper into small thumbnail sized pieces .
cut the wrap diagonally across the middle to serve .
cut tomato and cucumber into slices .
cut zucchini , pepper , snow peas , and dried tomatoes into bite - sized pieces .
dampen your hands with some water and form golf ball - sized meatballs .
deglaze pan with white wine .
deglaze the vegetables with the stock , and bring to a boil with a closed lid for approx 10 -15 min . until a pulp forms .
deglaze with red wine .
deglaze with vegetable stock , then let simmer for approx . 10 min .
deglaze with vegetable stock .
deglaze with vegetable stock and season with salt .
depending on which kind of food coloring you are using , you might need a little more or less .
deseed and dice bell pepper .
dice cucumber .
dice eggplant into cubes .
dice onion .
dice onion and finely chop garlic .
dice red beet .
dice salmon into bite - sized pieces .
discard top layer of parchment paper , transfer to a baking sheet , and bake in preheated oven at 180 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 15 – 20 min .
discard vanilla bean pods and cinnamon stick .
dissolve cornstarch in a part of the soy milk .
dissolve dried yeast in lukewarm water .
dissolve the yeast in lukewarm water and roughly knead with the flour mixture .
distribute cookie crumbs across serving dishes .
distribute the batter between the lined muffin cups evenly .
divide dough into four equal parts .
divide evenly between popsicle molds and insert popsicle sticks .
divide into burger patties .
do not let the mixture boil anymore since that will destroy the structure of the raspberries .
drain , save some of the pasta water and set aside .
drain , save some pasta water , and set aside .
drain and set aside .
drain cooked vegetables and chicken .
drain excess liquid from tomatoes .
drain soaked mushrooms , make sure to keep the soaking liquid .
drain sun - dried tomatoes and cut into strips .
drain the chickpeas and add to the pan , along with the smashed lemongrass .
drain the mandarins and puree in a measuring cup with the vanilla sugar .
drain the water and set pasta aside .
drain water from can of black beans and rinse beans under clear water .
dress with vinaigrette and serve with sautéed chicken on top .
dress with vinaigrette and sprinkle with pistachios to serve .
drizzle cake with raspberry sauce .
drizzle over salad and lightly toss to combine .
drizzle sesame oil on top .
drizzle some olive oil into a pot over medium heat .
drizzle the slices with olive oil and bake in preheated oven at 180 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 5 - 7 min . until golden .
drizzle with high quality olive oil before serving , if desired .
each week , we 'll be choosing your best recipes to test cook , photograph , and publish on kitchen stories for the world to see !
enjoy !
enjoy as a fresh treat !
enjoy as a healthy snack !
enjoy as a light snack or for dessert !
enjoy as a warm or cold salad !
enjoy as an energizing snack or breakfast .
enjoy immediately !
enjoy immediately .
enjoy right away !
enjoy served warm .
enjoy straightaway !
enjoy warm or leave to cool completely on a wire rack .
enjoy while cold .
enjoy with a cup of coffee or tea .
enjoy with a cup of tea or coffee !
enjoy with a glass of baileys !
enjoy with a slice of crusty bread !
enjoy with ice cubes !
evenly distribute 1 - 2 tbsp of the yogurt mixture among popsicle molds .
fill a large saucepan half full with water , bring to a boil , add cauliflower and salt , and cook for approx . 8 – 10 min . until tender .
fill cream cheese mixture into pan and smooth out surface .
fill each one halfway full with batter .
fill gin and tonic mixture into molds .
fill in serving dishes and serve warm or cold .
fill the buttercream into prepared piping bags and start piping .
fill the muffin tins with the batter and bake in a preheated oven at 160 ° c/320 ° f for approx . 20 – 25 min . until golden .
fill up with chicken stock and boil with lid closed for approx . 5 min .
fillet oranges and grapefruit , reserving the juice .
fillet the other orange and carefully fold the orange segments into the mixture .
finally , mix everything together well and season with salt and pepper .
finally , put the ovenproof pan in the oven and cook at 120 ° c/250 ° for approx . 10 min .
finely chop anchovy fillets and garlic .
finely chop chives .
finely chop dill and chervil .
finely chop garlic , chili , ginger , and spring onion .
finely chop garlic .
finely chop ginger and slice radish into thin strips .
finely chop hazelnuts and set aside .
finely chop mint .
finely chop parsley .
finely chop parsley and chives .
finely chop rosemary and halve cherry tomatoes .
finely chop shallot .
finely chop shallots and garlic .
finely crumble oat cookies .
finely cut chives .
finely dice bell pepper .
finely dice chili and roughly chop mint and cilantro .
finely dice one onion and half a garlic clove .
finely dice onion and bacon .
finely dice onion and mince garlic .
finely dice some jalapeños slices and grate cheddar .
finely dice the onion .
finely grate ginger .
finely grate ginger and crush garlic in a garlic press .
finely slice bell pepper .
finely slice green onions and chives .
finely slice leeks and parsley .
finely slice mint .
finely slice mushrooms .
finely slice onion and mince garlic .
finely slice pineapple and bell pepper and set aside .
finish with some more sauce and top half of burger bun .
first , fold the edges up and roll as tightly as possible from the widest edge .
fit the dough into the tart pan .
flatten chicken fillets and coat them lightly with some flour and the chopped rosemary .
flip the omelette and keep frying for approx . 1 min .
flour working surface and roll out dough .
fold immediately in the pudding .
fold in chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper .
fold in diced jalapeños , then take from heat .
fold in the sides of the tortilla , use your thumbs to bring forward the bottom of the tortilla , and continue to roll .
fold omelette to close , like you would a letter , and continue to cook until heated through .
fold tortilla in from the sides .
for a runny center , approx . 3 - 5 min . is recommended .
for an even more refreshing experience , serve on ice .
for best results , place in a resealable freezer bag and let marinate in the fridge for a minimum of approx . 3 hr . or overnight .
for the bread chips , cut the baguette into thin slices and distribute on a lined baking tray .
for the cilantro crema , stir the lemon juice and freshly chopped cilantro into the sour cream .
for the dough , first mix flour , sugar , and salt .
for the dressing , cook an egg in boiling water for approx . 2 - 3 min .
for the dressing , mix the juice of the oranges and the grapefruit with half of the lemon juice .
for the icing , beat cream cheese , soft butter , and confectioner ’s sugar until smooth .
for the nut pesto , use a food processor to blend the walnuts , pine nuts , parmesan , garlic , mustard , chili powder , and salt and pepper into a coarse puree .
for the pesto , pick basil , parsley , rosemary , and thyme leaves .
for the salad , thinly slice the cucumber , tomatoes , red onion , iceberg lettuce , and pickled chilis , if using .
for the sauce , dice the onion , carrot , half a garlic clove , mushrooms , and tomatoes .
for the sauce , finely dice garlic and onion .
for the sauce , sauté flour in the remaining cooking oil and fill up with beef stock while stirring constantly .
for the spread , mix the soy yogurt with mint strips , lime juice , chili powder , sugar , and salt and pepper .
for the vinaigrette , combine olive oil , vinegar , mustard , honey , and salt and pepper .
for the vinaigrette , mix olive oil , balsamic vinegar , and salt and pepper .
form beef mixture into balls ( approx . 3 cm ) , place on a plate , cover , and cool for approx . 20 – 30 min .
form each part into a flat circle approx . 1 cm thick .
form into equal - sized patties , transfer to a plate , and let sit at room temperature until needed for cooking .
freeze for at least 4 - 5 hours .
fry chicken in a large frying pan with peanut oil .
fry for 1 min . more , then fold omelette inside the pan .
fry the bacon , leeks , and apples together until bacon until browned and fragrant .
fry the chorizo for approx . 2 min . , or until the fat begins to render .
fry the vegetables in some vegetable oil .
fry the white pieces of scallion in some coconut oil in an ovenproof pan over high heat .
garnish pizza with fresh basil leaves .
garnish pudding with fresh blueberries .
garnish with cilantro and serve together with homemade naan .
garnish with fresh dill .
garnish with halved cherry tomatoes and serve with a sweet and sour sauce .
garnish with parmesan and enjoy immediately !
generously spread cream cheese over second piece of toast and place on top .
gently crack open the egg to remove the egg yolk .
gently press dough evenly into corners and up sides .
gently sauté half of the onions in some olive oil .
gently stir in mint and basil .
gently tap form on counter to release air bubbles .
gently wash spinach .
give it a quick stir .
gradually add the flour and heat for approx 2 min . , stirring continuously .
grate parmesan on top with a fine grater .
grate the rest of the cheese onto the cabbage .
grease a baking dish with a bit of butter .
grease a springform pan with some butter and dust with flour if needed .
grease baking dish .
grease baking dish with some olive oil and spread cooked pasta in the bottom .
grease the tart pan and transfer dough to the pan .
grill chicken for approx . 3 – 4 min . turning occasionally until the ham is crispy .
grill dough on both sides for approx . 5 – 8 min .
halve avocado , scoop out the avocado flesh , and slice .
halve baguettes lengthwise and layer lettuce , tomato slices , and chicken salad on the bottom half .
halve burger buns horizontally and spread chili sauce on each half .
halve cherry tomatoes .
halve olives .
halve olives and tomatoes .
halve the pumpkin , remove the seeds with a spoon , and cut the flesh of the pumpkin into cubes .
halve the tomatoes and cut the bell pepper and avocado into cubes .
halve tomatoes .
halve zucchini and cut into sticks .
heat a large , clean frying pan over medium heat , then add very little vegetable oil and toast burger buns for approx . 60 – 90 sec . per side .
heat a nonstick pan over medium heat and toast walnuts until fragrant , approx . 3 – 5 min . ; transfer to plate to cool .
heat chickpeas in a small saucepan .
heat grill or grill pan over medium heat and coat lightly with oil .
heat oil in a large frying pan .
heat oil in a large frying pan set over medium - high heat .
heat oil in a large saucepan set over medium - high heat , then add the ground beef and fry until browned .
heat olive oil in pan over medium heat .
heat remainder of cream in a small saucepan over low heat , add chocolate , and stir until melted .
heat some olive oil in a frying pan and fry zucchini on all sides for approx . 8 – 10 min . until tender .
heat some vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat .
heat some vegetable oil in a large frying pan and sauté onions until translucent .
heat some vegetable oil in a large saucepan over high heat .
heat the coconut oil in a large saucepan and sauté the onion , garlic , ginger , and chili over medium heat .
heat the vegetable oil in a frying pan set over medium - high heat .
heat up butter in a frying pan and sauté onions over medium heat for approx . 1 – 2 minutes .
heat up olive oil in a frying pan .
heat up some olive oil in a large frying pan and sauté onion and garlic for about 2 – 4 min . until translucent .
heat up some olive oil in large frying pan and fry asparagus pieces at moderate heat for approx . 8 – 10 min . until tender .
heat up vegetable stock , then stir in cream cheese until dissolved .
heat up while stirring until cheese is melted .
heat vegetable oil in a large frying pan over medium heat .
heat vegetable oil in a nonstick pan over medium heat .
here it helps if hands are moistened with water to prevent the balls from sticking .
hull and quarter strawberries .
hull strawberries and quarter .
if desired , form a thin border .
if desired , thicken with starch .
if dough seems too dry , add more cold water a little at a time until dough comes together .
if you like , garnish with pumpkin seed oil .
if you wish to make the dish milder , remove the seeds from the chili .
if you ’re using a grill , close lid .
immediately remove from heat .
in a bowl , combine onion , garlic , ground meat , panko breadcrumbs , milk , and half of the harissa paste .
in a bowl , mix sour cream , flour , oil , and milk , and knead everything together until a dough forms .
in a food processor , blend cooled walnuts with spices and a pinch of salt and pepper until finely ground .
in a frying pan , sauté porcini mushrooms in the remaining butter until cooked through .
in a frying pan , sauté shallots and garlic until translucent .
in a frying pan , sauté the spinach until wilted .
in a grease - free frying pan , toast pine nuts over medium - low heat , stirring often , for approx . 2 - 3 min . until golden brown and fragrant .
in a large , grease - free frying pan , toast cashews over medium - low heat for approx . 3 – 5 min . until fragrant and golden brown .
in a large bowl , beat together a little bit of tabasco sauce with the eggs .
in a large bowl , combine cream cheese and yogurt .
in a large bowl , combine sweet potato , apple , carrot , spinach , raisins , and cashews .
in a large bowl , mix the flour , egg yolk , melted butter , cold water , and salt .
in a large bowl , mix together ground beef , mustard , paprika powder , salt , and pepper .
in a large bowl , season tomatoes with olive oil , salt , pepper , and lemon juice .
in a large bowl , toss couscous with zucchini , tomatoes , arugula , and cashews .
in a large bowl , whisk together yogurt , confectioner ’s sugar , and lemon juice .
in a large frying pan , cook bacon over medium - high heat for approx . 1 – 2 min . per side until crispy .
in a large frying pan , sauté burgers in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx . 3 – 4 min . per side for medium - rare ; 4 – 5 min . per side for well - done .
in a large frying pan , sauté sweet potato over medium - high heat for approx . 6 – 10 min . until golden brown and tender .
in a large measuring cup , mix together part of the cream and condensed milk .
in a large mixing bowl , mix together flour and salt .
in a large pot , heat the olive oil over medium heat .
in a large saucepan , bring chicken stock and bay leaf to a boil and then reduce to a simmer .
in a large saucepan , bring rice milk , vanilla bean pods , cinnamon stick , and agave syrup to a boil .
in a large saucepan , melt butter over medium - high heat and fry bacon for approx . 3 – 5 min . until browned .
in a large saucepan , sauté chopped shallots and garlic with some vegetable oil .
in a large saucepan , sauté onions , garlic , chili , and ginger over medium heat until golden brown .
in a large saucepan , sauté onions in butter until translucent .
in a large saucepan , sauté the onions , ginger , and chili in some vegetable oil until translucent .
in a medium bowl , whisk together yogurt , mayonnaise and worcestershire sauce .
in a mixing bowl , whisk together eggs and milk .
in a saucepan , add two - thirds of the butter and sautée shallots and garlic until translucent .
in a separate bowl , whisk the egg white until foamy .
in a small , heat - resistant bowl , soak dried mushrooms in hot water for approx . 15 min .
in a small bowl , dissolve cornstarch in some water .
in a small bowl , mix together crème fraiche , herbs , rest of the lemon juice , and water until fluid and creamy .
in a small bowl , mix together tomato purée , olive oil , and salt .
in a small saucepan , heat up cream , some of the milk , vanilla sugar , cinnamon , and chocolate pieces until the chocolate has melted .
in a small saucepan , heat up drained sauerkraut over medium - low heat for approx . 5 – 7 min .
in a small saucepan , melt butter and chocolate over medium - low heat .
in a small saucepan , melt chocolate over low heat .
in a stand mixer , beat some of the eggs , milk , and part of the sugar .
in another bowl , mix blueberries with the rest of the flour .
in another pan , heat remaining ghee over medium - high heat .
in another pan , sear ground beef with some vegetable oil .
in one bowl , mix almost all the flour with baking powder and a pinch of salt .
in the meantime , add cream cheese , remaining sugar , remaining eggs , sour cream and vanilla extract to a large bowl .
in the meantime , dissolve cornstarch in the remaining milk until smooth .
in the meantime , finely chop onion and sauté in a small frying pan with some vegetable oil until translucent .
in the meantime , finely dice onion .
in the meantime , halve cherry tomatoes .
in the meantime , mince remaining shallots and garlic .
in the meantime , peel mango and chop roughly .
in the meantime , roughly chop parsley .
in the meantime , wash and dry lettuce .
in the middle of the tortilla , layer lettuce , onion , cucumber , bell pepper , tzatziki mixture , and bell pepper cream .
in the same hot pan over medium heat , add vegetable oil and shallots .
incorporate coconut milk into dal and reheat .
it should be light brown and slightly puffed up .
it ’s important not to open the oven at any time while baking .
juice lemon and deseed vanilla bean .
juice the remaining oranges using a citrus press .
knead dough until solid , cover it with plastic wrap , and let it cool for 20 min . in the fridge .
knead for approx . 10 min . until smooth dough forms .
knead until a smooth dough forms .
lay it over the tart pan and tuck the excess dough in around the edges .
layer the bottom of the pan with cheese slices .
leave the sauce to reduce for approx . 5 – 7 min . on a low heat .
leave to cool for approx . 2 - 3 hours before serving , if desired .
leave to simmer for approx . 4 min . , until reduced to a tangy sauce .
leave to soak for approx . 5 – 7 min .
leave to soak for approx . 8 – 12 min .
let cool a little before running a small , sharp knife along the inside edge of the pan .
let cool slightly before serving and enjoy !
let it cool in the fridge for 10 min .
let stand for approx . 5 - 7 min .
lightly dust with confectioner ’s sugar .
lightly flour the work surface and knead dough until it is smooth and elastic .
lightly season with salt and pepper and then distribute among the cooled crusts .
lightly toss salad and enjoy as a light snack or side dish with asian fare !
line the muffin tin with liners .
line with baking paper and weigh down with pie weights .
lower heat , add all of the spices , and sauté for approx . 2 min .
make small meat balls out of the mixture .
make sure that it is evenly spread on the inside of the tins .
make sure that it is not fully cooked through .
make sure that the cupcakes have enough time to cool .
make sure that the mixture does not boil .
make sure that the pan is not overcrowded .
make sure to come approx . 2 cm up the sides of the pan .
meanwhile , beat three - quarters of the eggs in a bowl , season with salt and pepper , and add dried lemongrass and cilantro and whisk to combine .
meanwhile , cut cherry tomatoes in half and buffalo mozzarella into thin slices .
meanwhile , cut mozzarella and tomato into thin slices .
meanwhile , dice feta cheese .
meanwhile , finely chop parsley .
meanwhile , finely chop rosemary and thyme .
meanwhile , in another pot , blanch broccoli in salted boiling water for approx . 2 – 3 min .
meanwhile , mix crème fraîche , whipping cream , chives and remaining eggs in a large bowl .
meanwhile , mix together ketchup , mayonnaise , and a dash of hot sauce to taste and set aside .
meanwhile , preheat the oven to 160 ° c/320 ° f .
meanwhile , prepare quinoa according to package instructions , boiling it with the cider vinegar and some of the lemon juice .
meanwhile , slice leek and bacon into fine strips .
melt butter and pour directly onto the crumbs , stirring to combine .
melt butter in a large frying pan and brown meatballs from all sides for approx . 15 – 20 min . over medium heat .
melt butter in a nonstick pan set over medium heat .
melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat .
melt butter in a small pan over medium - low heat .
melt butter in frying pan , add eggs .
melt butter in the same pan .
melt some ghee in a pan over medium heat .
melt some of the chocolate chips and butter in large saucepan over low heat , stirring occasionally until smooth .
melt the butter in a nonstick pan over medium - high heat .
melt white chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of boiling water .
mince garlic .
mince onion , garlic , chili , and ginger .
mix carefully .
mix cream cheese , eggs , sugar , vanilla bean pulp , and zest of half a lemon with a whisk .
mix flour , oregano , rosemary , curcuma , salt and pepper , and add it to the yeast mixture .
mix for 2 – 3 more min . , until well incorporated and smooth .
mix greek yogurt , cream cheese , sugar , and vanilla sugar until smooth .
mix ground meat , chopped spring onion , chopped ginger , egg white , cornstarch , soy sauce , sugar , and salt well with a fork until an even consistency is formed .
mix olive oil , spicy paprika powder , and curry powder in a bowl .
mix slightly and sprinkle with grated parmesan .
mix the lettuce , tomatoes , cucumber , and olives with the dressing and transfer to a plate .
mix thoroughly to form into dough .
mix together coffee , baileys , more of the cream , and rest of the condensed milk mixture .
mix together ketchup and mustard ; spread an even layer over bottom burger bun .
mix together the eggs and sour cream and season with salt and pepper .
mix together tomatoes and baby leaf lettuce and transfer to a bowl for serving .
mix well .
mix well and refrigerate , covered with plastic wrap , for approx . 2 hrs .
mix well to combine .
move the chicken onto indirect heat and finish cooking for approx . 8 – 10 min .
next , add chopped herbs and meatballs to the tomato sauce and simmer for approx . 10 – 15 minutes with closed lid until the meatballs are cooked .
next , add cubed sweet potato , pumpkin , and red pepper .
next , add the melted chocolate to the egg mixture and stir together until a smooth batter forms .
next , add tomatoes and sauté for an additional 3 min .
next , alternate adding the flour mixture and milk .
next , chop the spinach .
next , cut fresh basil into strips and fold into the sauce .
next , cut pumpkin and bell pepper into cubes .
next , divide the remainder of the yogurt mixture into two equal halves .
next , fill the popsicle molds with the mixture .
next , melt both together with sugar in the microwave at 600watt for approx 2 - 3 min .
next , mix ground beef , breadcrumbs , egg , sautéed onion and garlic , basil , salt , and pepper in a bowl .
next , mix together half of lemon juice and salmon in a large bowl .
next , on a work surface sprinkled with flour , roll out pizza dough until flat .
next , place the filled tins in the freezer for approx . 5 - 7 min .
next , roll out the dough to be approx . 0.5 cm thin and place on a lined baking tray .
next , sauté the onion and garlic in vegetable oil until translucent .
next , season with cumin , sugar , salt , and pepper .
next , spread the pesto onto the bread and place alternating layers of tomato and mozzarella slices on top .
next , stir in the chopped parsley and serve warm with rice .
next , transfer the mixture into a springform , greased if required .
now , add chocolate to each popsicle mold .
now , add pasta , baby spinach , cherry tomatoes , thyme , and basil to the pan and pour in the vegetable stock .
now , add the hot milk mixture to the beaten egg mixture .
now , add the peas and bring to a boil .
now , carefully fold in the blueberries by hand using a rubber spatula or a wooden spoon .
now , cover and chill for at least 8 hours .
now , cut the mozzarella into slices and lay them evenly across the pizza .
now , divide the batter evenly among the buttered baking tins ( approx . 4 cm high ) .
now , evenly divide the strawberry yogurt mixture among half of popsicle molds and the blackberry yogurt mixture among the rest of the molds .
now , fill each popsicle mold almost to the top with baileys mixture .
now , line muffin tin with muffin liners .
now , place cauliflower in a large bowl and puree using a hand masher .
now , put the meat balls into the boiling water using a spoon .
now , roll to create a wrap .
now , slowly add food coloring .
now , stir in heavy cream , add some of the pasta water , and boil down to a thick sauce for about 5 – 7 min .
now add olive oil and work mixture into a smooth dough .
now add radish and glass noodles and bring to a boil .
occasionally separate the edges of the omelette from the pan using a silicone spatula .
on a floured work surface , flatten out to approx . the size of the pizza stone .
on one slice of bread , layer lettuce , chicken , avocado , bell pepper , and onion .
once cooked , remove chicken from the oven and let rest briefly .
once melted , remove from heat .
once the cake has cooled , transfer to refrigerator and chill for at least 4 hrs or ideally overnight .
once the gelatin and sugar have completely dissolved , remove from heat and set aside .
once the salad is plated , top with avocado and season with salt and pepper .
open pan and remove sides .
otherwise , the buttercream will start melting .
parboil pasta for approx . 5 min .
pause blender and add vanilla extract .
pay attention to bake them for exactly 10 min . in order to achieve the desired result .
peal the bananas and mash them with a fork in a large mixing bowl .
peel and chop mango .
peel and crush garlic .
peel and crush garlic clove .
peel and cut carrots and potatoes into bite - sized pieces .
peel and cut sweet potatoes into bite sized pieces .
peel and dice carrots .
peel and dice onion .
peel and finely dice onion and garlic .
peel and pit avocado and cut into bite - sized pieces .
peel and pit avocado and roughly chop .
peel and roughly chop garlic .
peel and slice cucumber .
peel and slice ginger .
peel bananas , break in half , and add to blender .
peel beets and cut into large cubes .
peel carrots .
peel carrots and sweet potatoes and cut into bite - size pieces .
peel ginger and finely mince .
peel ginger and garlic .
peel half of the oranges , remove pits and cut into chunks .
peel mango , slice off the pit and cut into thin strips .
peel mango and banana .
peel onion and chop finely .
peel onion and garlic cloves and chop finely .
peel potatoes and celery root and cut into walnut - sized cubes .
peel sweet potato and cut into equally sized cubes .
peel sweet potatoes and cut into small cubes .
peel the carrots , cut into walnut - sized pieces , and work into a rough paste with the food processor .
peel the mango , remove the pit , and cut into slices .
peel the pineapple .
pick herb leaves and roughly chop .
pick mint leaves and add to blender .
pick out the spices .
pick parsley leaves .
pierce with a wooden skewer to to make the sandwich easier to serve and eat .
pit and slice avocado .
place a slice of cheddar cheese on each patty and let it melt for a minute .
place another piece of bread on top .
place cookies in a freezer bag .
place cookies into a freezer bag .
place cucumber , red beets , frozen raspberries , agave syrup , and water into blender .
place dough between two sheets of parchment paper and roll out using a rolling pin .
place dough in plastic wrap , transfer to refrigerator , and let rest for approx . 30 min .
place dough on a lined baking tray .
place garlic powder , cloves , ground coriander , ground turmeric , ground cumin , ground cardamom , cayenne pepper , smoked paprika powder , and salt in a bowl .
place in freezer for approx . 4 – 6 h.
place in freezer for at least approx . 20 - 30 min .
place in the oven and bake at 220 ° c/425 ° f for approx . 10 - 15 min .
place lettuce , burger patties , cheese sauce , tortilla chips , tomato slices and remaining jalapenos slices on top of each burger .
place muffin tin in the freezer for approx . 10 min .
place mushrooms , chopped shallot , carrot , kohlrabi and chicken breast into a deep frying pan with the bay leaf , allspice , and pepper corns .
place one popsicle stick in each mold and then transfer to freezer .
place patties on the hot grill and cook for approx . 4 – 5 min . per side , depending on the thickness .
place pizza stone in unheated oven , then preheat to 250 ° c/480 ° f .
place pumpkin seeds , water , and sugar in a small saucepan .
place salmon steak on top of salad .
place some of the eggs in the middle of the tortilla , taking care not to overfill .
place some of the orange juice and sugar in saucepan and cook for approx . 5 min . over medium - low heat until the sugar has completely dissolved .
place the antipasti , prosciutto , and the arugula on the ciabatta .
place the candied pumpkin seeds on a sheet of parchment paper to cool .
place the lid back on and allow the omelet to cook for approx . 2 min . more .
place the shallots , garlic , tomatoes , thyme , rosemary , and chili into a baking dish .
place two raspberries in each cup and then top with remaining batter .
poach 2 eggs in hot , but not boiling , water to the desired degree of hardness .
pour batter into baking form .
pour batter into the molds or cups .
pour gelatin mixture into the cream cheese mixture and whisk to combine .
pour in almond milk .
pour in almond milk and blend until smooth .
pour in chilled orange juice .
pour in milk .
pour in orange juice .
pour in parts of the coconut water and allow to soak for approx . 20 – 30 min .
pour in pasta water .
pour in pureed tomatoes and reduce to low heat for approx . 10 min .
pour in the pureed tomatoes and season with sugar and a pinch of salt and pepper .
pour in vegetable stock and most of the soaking liquid .
pour rice milk into a large bowl .
pour sour cream mixture over mushrooms .
pour the mixture into a greased ( if necessary ) baking dish and bake in a preheated oven at 190 ° c/ 375 ° f for approx . 25 – 30 min .
pour yogurt cream on top and garnish with strawberries and chopped pistachios .
pre - heat oven to 200 ° c/390 ° f .
preheat a pan , slice the pears , and let them cook with the sugar , water , and brandy ( optional ) for 10 min . or until golden .
preheat oven to 110 ° c/230 ° f .
preheat oven to 160 ° c/320 ° f .
preheat oven to 180 ° c/ 355 ° f .
preheat oven to 180 ° c/350 ° f .
preheat oven to 180 ° c/355 ° f .
preheat oven to 200 ° c/390 ° f .
preheat oven to 200 ° c/400 ° f .
preheat oven to 220 ° c/420 ° f .
preheat oven to 220 ° c/430 ° f .
preheat oven to 250 ° c /475 ° f .
preheat oven to 250 ° c/500 ° f .
preheat the grill .
preheat the oven to 175 ° c/350 ° f .
preheat the oven to 180 ° c/ 350 ° f .
preheat the oven to 180 ° c/350 ° f .
preheat the oven to 190 ° c/ 375 ° f .
preheat the oven to 200 ° c/390 ° f .
preheat the oven to 200 ° c/400 ° f .
prepare ramekins by greasing them with plenty of butter and dusting with flour , so the mixture does n’t stick .
press dough into the bottom and up the sides of mini tart tins , buttered if necessary .
pulse the flour , cold butter , egg yolk , and a pinch of salt together with a little cold water until a smooth dough forms .
pulse until combined but not smooth to retain a bit of texture .
puree everything in a food processor with olive oil , salt and pepper .
puree the soup with a hand blender and strain it into a large bowl to remove the tomato skins and seeds .
puree until smooth .
purée berry sauce and pass through a fine sieve .
purée in a blender until smooth .
purée until smooth .
put lettuce on the bottom half of the burger roll , place the vegetable mixture on top , and then add the top burger bun .
put the parboiled egg yolk into a tall container .
put the spaghetti into a casserole dish and pour the sauce on top .
put the vegetables and the chicken back into the pan .
quarter avocado , remove the pit , and cut into slices .
quarter figs and distribute over the pizza .
quarter mushrooms .
quarter shallots .
quarter strawberries and pick mint leaves .
quickly add gelatin to the cream cheese mixture .
ready to enjoy immediately .
reduce for approx . 10 - 15 min . until the tomatoes and shallots are softened .
reduce heat and leave to simmer for approx . 20 min . , or until the carrots soften slightly .
reduce heat and let simmer for approx . 15 – 20 min . until sweet potatoes are softened , but still firm .
reduce to a simmer and allow to cook for approx . 15 - 20 min . until the vegetables are tender and the sauce has slightly thickened .
remove bay leaf and serve hot topped with sour cream .
remove cake and transfer to a cake platter .
remove cake from oven .
remove cooked meatballs from the pan and set aside .
remove dough from bowl .
remove from freezer and carefully hold popsicle mold under warm water to release popsicles .
remove from heat .
remove from heat and allow to cool slightly .
remove from heat and blend the soup with a hand blender .
remove from heat and drain .
remove from heat and let stand , covered , for approx . 5 min .
remove from heat and set aside .
remove from heat and set aside to cool .
remove from oven and allow to cool for approx . 10 min .
remove from pan and set aside .
remove from refrigerator and run a knife around the edges .
remove from saucepan and allow to cool .
remove leaves and core from fennel and chop rest into small pieces .
remove muffins from the oven and leave to cool for approx . 15 min on a cooling rack .
remove pan from heat .
remove pie weights and parchment paper and fill dough with mushroom mixture .
remove pizza from oven .
remove pizza from oven ; place tomatoes and mozzarella on top , return to oven and bake for another 6 – 7 min . until cheese is melted and crust is golden .
remove springform pan from oven and reduce temperature to 160 ° c/320 ° f .
remove the liquid mixture from the double boiler , add eggs and ground almonds and mix well with a whisk .
remove the omelette from the pan , then repeat with the remaining egg mixture .
remove the saucepan from the heat and puree the soup with a hand blender .
remove the soup from the heat and purée with a hand blender .
remove the stems from the tomatoes and quarter them .
remove with a skimmer .
reserve leftover raspberries for serving .
return meatballs to the pan , toss in sauce , and serve with lingonberry jam and mashed potatoes .
return to a boil while stirring constantly .
return to heat and add the miso paste and lime juice .
return to oven and bake for approx . 50 – 55 min . until the filling has set .
rinse quinoa in warm water and cook in vegetable stock , according to the package instructions , and set aside .
rinse quinoa under water and add to saucepan with salted water .
roast in a hot pan , oiled side down , for approx . 3 - 5 minutes .
roast in a preheated oven at 200 ° c/400 ° f for approx . 20 – 25 min .
roll out chilled quiche dough between 2 layers of plastic wrap into a circle approx . 28 cm/11 in . in diameter .
roll out the remaining 1/3 of the dough into a large circle .
roll out the tart dough and put it in your pie plate .
roll out ¾ of the dough .
roll tightly together and serve with red salsa .
roughly chop apple , cucumber , cashews , and avocado .
roughly chop cashews .
roughly chop chocolate .
roughly chop cilantro .
roughly chop couverture .
roughly chop couverture chocolate .
roughly chop cranberries .
roughly chop mint .
roughly chop mint and basil .
roughly chop pecans , add to the chocolate mixture and fold evenly .
roughly chop pistachios .
roughly chop spinach , pear , apple , and banana .
roughly tear up basil leaves and add them to sauce .
rub the slices generously with lemon juice to prevent them from browning .
sauté bacon in a large frying pan with some vegetable oil .
sauté both in a small frying pan in some vegetable oil until the onion is translucent .
sauté for approx . 2 min . , or until curry paste starts to stick to the bottom of the pot .
sauté garlic , onion , and carrots in some vegetable oil .
sauté garlic and onion for approx . 3 – 5 min . until fragrant and translucent .
sauté garlic for approx . 1 – 2 min .
sauté garlic with some oil in a large pot .
sauté leek and bacon in some vegetable oil .
sauté leeks in some olive oil for approx . 3 – 5 min .
sauté onion , garlic , and ginger for approx . 1 – 2 min .
sauté the cut vegetables in some vegetable oil .
sauté the diced shallots , garlic , mushrooms , and carrot in vegetable oil for approx . 3 - 5 min .
sauté until shallots soften and become fragrant , approx . 2 – 3 min .
save the stock .
scoop dough into muffin pan .
sear cubed beef on all sides .
sear meat in a hot frying pan with a little vegetable oil for approx . 4 – 5 min . per side .
season again with salt and pepper .
season again with salt and pepper and serve with a grilled corncob .
season chicken breast with salt and pepper .
season generously with salt and pepper .
season ground beef with some pepper to taste and form into burger patties with damp hands .
season salmon with salt and pepper .
season sauce with some nutmeg and salt and pepper .
season the sauce with oregano , sugar , salt , and pepper .
season the soup with salt , pepper , nutmeg , and some lemon zest to taste .
season the vegetables lightly with salt and pepper .
season to taste with lemon juice .
season to taste with nutmeg , salt , and pepper .
season to taste with salt , pepper , and chili flakes .
season to taste with salt , pepper and chili powder .
season to taste with salt , sugar , and lemon juice if desired .
season to taste with salt and pepper .
season with black pepper and garnish generously with arugula .
season with horseradish , nutmeg , salt , and pepper .
season with lemon juice , salt and pepper .
season with lemon juice and salt and pepper .
season with olive oil , sugar , salt , and pepper and mix well .
season with salt , chili flakes , and lime juice to taste and garnish with cilantro and fried onions .
season with salt , pepper , and grated nutmeg .
season with salt and pepper , then gently beat .
season with salt and pepper , then whisk in the flour .
season with salt and pepper .
season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with some lemon juice .
season with salt and pepper and then cut into bite - sized pieces .
season with salt and pepper to taste .
season with salt and sugar .
season with salt to taste .
season with sesame oil and salt .
season with sugar and salt and pepper .
serve and garnish with parsley .
serve burgers on buns topped with lettuce , cucumber , tomato slices , and sauce as desired .
serve chicken and bell pepper with sauce and rice .
serve cold and enjoy !
serve directly or leave to cool for approx . 10 - 15 min .
serve in a soup plate with chili tomatoes and a drizzle of good quality olive oil .
serve on top of hot or cold vanilla pudding and enjoy .
serve sprinkled with basil and freshly grated parmesan .
serve sprinkled with freshly grated parmesan cheese to taste .
serve warm .
serve warm from the casserole dish .
serve warm with lemon wedges on the side .
serve warm with sour cream .
serve with a drizzle of good quality olive oil .
serve with a few dollops of pesto .
serve with a garnish of fresh berries .
serve with a salad on the side .
serve with a slice of fresh bread and enjoy !
serve with arugula , tomatoes , remaining prosciutto , and avocado .
serve with fresh bread .
serve with fresh herbs and lemon juice .
serve with icing sugar and whipped cream , as desired .
serve with rice and enjoy !
serve with rice or bulgur and enjoy !
serve with rice or toasted bread .
serve with slices of whole wheat bread .
serve with some croutons and a dollop of crème fraîche .
serve with the remaining raspberries on the side .
set aside .
set aside and let cool completely .
set aside to cool .
sift flour , baking powder , and salt into separate bowl .
simmer covered for approx . 1.5 hrs over low heat until the meat is tender .
simmer for 2 min . more .
simmer for another approx . 20 - 30 min . until softened .
simmer for approx . 15 min .
simmer on medium - low heat for approx . 1 min . , then sprinkle spinach and feta on top .
simply email us at community@kitchenstories.io and send us your recipe .
slice basil into fine strips .
slice breast chicken into strips .
slice celery stalk and cut banana into chunks .
slice chicken breasts crosswise .
slice cucumber and green onions into rings .
slice dried tomatoes , parsley , and onion into fine strips .
slice flatbread into wedges and toast in a grill pan over medium - high heat .
slice mango off the pit and cut banana into chunks .
slice onion into thin rings .
slice other toppings and set them on a serving plate .
slice spring onion into fine rings .
slice the carrot , lettuce heart , snow peas , green onion , celery , bell pepper , mint , and parsley into fine strips .
slice tomatoes , peel and cube mango , quarter mushrooms and cut lettuce into bite - sized pieces .
slowly add in sugar while continuously beating .
slowly bring to a boil .
slowly heat mixture over medium - low heat , stirring constantly .
slowly heat over medium - low heat , stirring until the gelatin has completely dissolved .
slowly stir the rest of the olive oil into the egg mixture .
smash cucumber with a cleaver , cut into thick slices , and transfer to a plate .
split and scrape vanilla bean .
spoon a thin layer of berry sauce on top of pudding .
spoon chia pudding into jars for serving .
spoon cookie mixture into bottom of baking forms and firmly press down to form crust .
spoon out kiwis and add to blender .
spread a thin layer of whipped cream over the cake and serve garnished with fresh raspberries .
spread a thin layer over pizza , transfer to pizza stone , and bake in preheated oven at 250 ° c/480 ° f for approx . 6 – 7 min .
spread batter evenly into greased baking dish .
spread crème fraîche evenly over dough .
spread ricotta evenly over crust .
spread some of the cream cheese mixture on each omelette , then top with smoked salmon and arugula .
spread the cabbage over the dough so that it forms a small mound in the middle .
spread the cheese mixture .
spread the mixture onto the wraps .
spread the tomato sauce evenly on the dough .
spread the vegetables on a baking sheet and bake for approx . 10 min .
sprinkle diced bell pepper on top .
sprinkle half of the hazelnuts on top , then top with egg mixture .
sprinkle some chives on top .
sprinkle the bread chips on top and serve with a poached egg and parmesan shavings .
sprinkle with pine nuts , feta , and onions .
sprinkle with the remaining hazelnuts and bake for approx . 35 min . at 200 ° c/400 ° f .
squeeze juice from lime and add to the curry .
start and end with the dry ingredients .
stir in basil .
stir in chopped parsley and serve with a dollop of sour cream .
stir in cilantro .
stir in crème fraîche and boil again briefly .
stir in crème fraîche and take from heat .
stir in pickling onions .
stir in remaining chocolate chips and nuts .
stir in the cheese and let melt .
stir in tomato paste , curry powder , and curry paste .
stir in tomato paste and continue to cook until the paste has lightly browned .
stir in water , vegetable stock , and tomatoes and bring to a boil .
stir into chocolate mixture until the pudding thickens .
stir occasionally .
stir regularly .
stir remaining olive oil into the pesto .
stir the cooked quinoa , mint , and parsley into the roasted vegetables .
stir the natural yogurt in evenly .
stir thoroughly .
stir thoroughly and let simmer for approx . 25 - 30 min . until potatoes and lentils are tender .
stir to combine .
stir to combine and heat up for approx . 4 – 5 min .
stir well .
stir well to avoid lumps .
stir well to combine .
stirring occasionally , simmer for approx . 10 – 12 min . until the liquid has reduced .
stirring often .
take muffin tin out of the freezer and transfer directly to preheated oven and bake at 200 ° c/400 ° f for approx . 7 - 9 min .
take small portions of the dough ( approx . 1.5 tablespoons ) and form each portion into a little ball .
take the shitake mushrooms and depending on their size either halve or quarter them .
tap out excess sugar .
taste and adjust seasonings .
tear bread roll into small pieces and soak in milk for approx . 5 – 7 min . until soft .
the egg white will cause a white foam to appear on the surface .
the less air in the wrap , the easier it is to cut afterwards .
the muffin pan should either be greased or lined with muffin liners .
the pumpkin seeds should rise slightly in the middle .
then , add cubed potatoes , pumpkin , and celery root and continue to sauté for approx . 5 min .
then , add flour and beat until smooth .
then , add the bell pepper and continue to sauté for an additional 2 – 3 min .
then , add the cheese and stir until melted .
then , add the raspberries and let them sit in the hot mixture for approx . 10 min . until they are fully warmed through .
then , bake the pizza in a preheated oven at 180 ° c/355 ° f for approx . 20 - 25 min . until golden brown .
then , blend on high until smooth , approx . 2 – 3 min .
then , combine cassis and remaining sugar in a small saucepan .
then , cover and reduce heat to low .
then , fill a large saucepan half full with salted water , bring to a boil , and blanch broccoli for approx . 2 – 3 min .
then , fill a large saucepan with salted water , bring to a boil , add potatoes , and blanch for approx . 5 min .
then , heat some olive oil in a deep pan .
then , in a frying pan , sear salmon in some vegetable oil over medium - high heat for approx . 1 - 2 min . per side .
then , layer salmon and broccoli on top , followed by crème fraiche sauce and cheese .
then , remove from oven and let cool .
then , roll forward from bottom with thumbs until burrito is tightly rolled .
then , roll the balls in cocoa powder .
then , simmer for approx . 4 - 5 min .
then , stir in heavy cream .
then , top pizza off with salmon , shrimp , pine nuts , and freshly grated horseradish .
then , whisk in eggs one by one until fully incorporated .
then add olive oil and water mixture to center of the flour and mix together until well incorporated .
then add vegetable stock and bring to a boil .
then arrange several grapefruit slices on top .
then chop the cilantro and put it aside .
then continue to mix for approx . 1 – 2 min .
then let cool for approx . 15 – 20 min .
then pour the mixture onto the cooled crust and bake at 180 ° c/ 350 ° f for approx . 20 – 30 min .
then remove bottoms of baking forms and transfer to plates to serve .
then remove from heat .
then stir in the almond milk and oil and beat vigorously .
thinly roll out dough on a lightly floured work surface .
thinly slice 2/3 of the alpine cheese .
thinly slice cilantro .
thinly slice onion into half rings .
this makes it pleasing to the eye and easy to place decoratively onto a plate .
this slight coating prevents them from sinking to the bottom during baking .
this will intensify the chocolate flavor .
tightly seal .
tightly seal and crush cookies with a rolling pin .
tightly seal bag and crush cookies with a rolling pin .
tightly wrap two slices of serrano ham around each chicken breast .
to assemble , layer grapefruit slices in baking forms on top of cookie crust .
to assemble , spread mango - yogurt sauce onto the lightly toasted flatbread , fill with desired salad ingredients , and chicken strips .
to finish , dissolve cornstarch in a bit of water and carefully stir into raspberry sauce until thickened to desire .
to finish , season with soy sauce and pepper .
to make the crust , finely pulse whole wheat graham crackers in a food processor .
to serve , fill a deep dish and garnish the soup with the candied pumpkin seeds and a few drops of pumpkin seed oil .
to serve , press on bottoms of baking forms to separate from edges .
toast bread slices on a grill pan over medium heat for approx . 1 – 2 min . per side .
toast burger rolls on both sides in a pan .
toast cashews without oil in a small frying pan for approx . 2 – 3 min . until golden brown .
top chia pudding with mango purée and enjoy !
top crust with cherry tomatoes , arugula , and bresaola .
top each pudding with blueberry sauce .
top each wheat tortilla with lettuce , avocado slices , cilantro , lime rice , bean mixture and fried vegetarian ground meat .
top everything off with some yogurt and enjoy !
top the batter with the remaining oats , poppy seeds , pumpkin seeds , and cranberries ..
top with fresh berries and basil .
top with freshly chopped cilantro to serve .
top with grated gouda cheese and bake for approx . 30 – 35 min . at 200 ° c/390 ° f until golden .
top with remaining half of baguette and enjoy as a satisfying lunch !
top with sliced vegetables , parsley , and mango .
toss cooked pasta in the sauce , add saved pasta water , and serve in deep plates with a dollop of ricotta and fresh basil .
toss pasta briefly in the sauce and serve in deep plates .
toss spaghetti in the sauce .
transfer back to floured bowl , cover with kitchen towel , and store in a warm , dry place for approx . 1 – 2 hours until dough has doubled in volume .
transfer baking forms to refrigerator and allow to set for approx . 2 hours .
transfer batter into lined muffin tins .
transfer burgers to a platter and toast buns .
transfer cookie crumbs to a bowl , add poppy seeds , pour in melted butter , and stir to combine .
transfer cookie crumbs to a large bowl , pour in melted butter , and stir until combined .
transfer everything to a large bowl .
transfer mixture to a large bowl .
transfer soup to a soup plate and add in porcini mushrooms .
transfer the marinated chicken to a baking sheet and bake for approx . 15 min .
transfer the mixture into baking tins and bake in a preheated oven at 110 ° c/230 ° f for approx . 40 – 45 min . until fully set .
transfer the roasted vegetables to a small saucepan , sauté briefly , deglaze with white wine , and reduce for approx . 2 – 3 min .
transfer the soup to a blender and blend until smooth .
transfer to a food processor , add tahini and lemon juice , and blend into a smooth paste .
transfer to a greased tart pan .
transfer to a paper towel - lined plate to remove excess grease .
transfer to a paper towel to dry .
transfer to a pizza paddle .
transfer to a plate , cover with foil , and let sit for approx . 3 – 5 min .
transfer to a plate and garnish with raspberries .
transfer to a serving bowl and dollop with yogurt alternative .
transfer to another plate to cool .
transfer to casserole dish , sprinkle with reserved parmesan cheese and breadcrumbs , and dot with butter .
transfer to freezer and leave to set for approx . 6 hrs . , or overnight .
transfer to freezer for approx . 6 hrs .
transfer to oven and bake at 175 ° c/350 ° f for approx . 10 min .
transfer to plate and enjoy !
transfer to refrigerator and allow to set for approx . 3 hours .
transfer to small serving dishes and allow to cool .
trim off edges .
trim wooden ends of asparagus and cut into pieces at a light angle ( approx . 1 cm pieces ) .
turn out dough onto a floured work surface and knead until dough is smooth , but firm .
use a container with a spout for easy filling .
use a rolling pin to mash up raspberries in a sealable plastic bag and add to popsicle molds , approx . 1 tbsp . per mold .
use a sharp knife to peel and fillet grapefruits .
use hands to make small balls from the mixture , approx . 3 cm in diameter .
using a box grater , roughly grate cheese .
using a vegetable cube slicer , cut bell pepper into cubes .
using your empty can of coconut milk can as your measure , pour two cans ' worth of water into the pot .
want to share your recipe with our awesome community ?
wash and deseed bell peppers , then slice both into strips .
wash and dry arugula .
wash and dry cilantro .
wash and dry romaine lettuce hearts and tear into bite - sized pieces .
wash and quarter tomatoes .
wash and slice tomatoes .
wash arugula .
wash kale , remove leaves from stems , and cut or tear into bite - size pieces .
wash leek and cut into thin slices .
wash leeks and cut into rings .
wash the leeks , then slice into rings .
when a thick sauce has formed , finely chop cilantro and fold into the sauce .
when burgers are finished cooking , top with cheddar cheese .
when hot , grill burgers for approx . 2 – 3 min . per side , flipping them carefully and adjusting heat as necessary so they do n’t brown too quickly .
when little white rings begin to form around the grains , drain any excess water and set quinoa aside .
when slightly cooled , mix in gin and tonic and set aside .
while stirring constantly , heat until the water has fully evaporated and the sugar has caramelized and is amber - colored .
whipped cream or ice cream go wonderfully with this treat .
whisk cocoa powder into the mixture and let cook for approx . 1 - 2 min . over low heat .
whisk heavy cream and eggs with a pinch of salt and evenly pour the mixture into crusts .
whisk in dissolved starch into the soy milk mixture .
whisk in heavy cream and egg yolks and season with lemon juice .
whisk the remaining 2 eggs with a dash of milk in a small bowl and pour over the mixture in the pan to form a separate thin egg layer on the surface .
whisk together egg yolks , egg , and another third of the sugar .
whisk together lime juice , sesame oil , sugar , soy sauce , and salt in a small bowl .
whisk together mustard , honey , balsamic vinegar , olive oil , salt , and pepper .
whisk until smooth .
whisk vigorously until everything is well combined .
whisk well to combine .
with your fingers , carefully loosen the skin of the chicken breast and place some of the sliced mushrooms and sun - dried tomatoes underneath it .
work quickly to prevent lumps .
zest half of the lemons and juice all of them .
